hey folks I just thought I'd give you
that a little update on what's going on
as well as elaborate on some more of the
stuff which I want to liquidate soon
generally won't be free unless I know
you're really really well or a good
friend of mine like Brad who I owe some
favors working on my jag but a lot of
the engines and things that I want to
get rid of aren't necessarily antique or
anything I want to keep the old ones
apart from the Howard rotary tiller
engine I just don't have time to play
with that anymore so they can go to a
good home but I want two hundred and
fifty dollars for it i'll post a link to
one of the videos in the description
that I get the time but on at least 250
for it that's pretty much throwing it
away the magneto is probably worth 250
bucks on its own so it'd be a good deal
for somebody and as you can see it's a
bit of a mess here at the rest of the
hydraulic stuff got the tank hoses other
bits i got to make some new hoses
because these ones look like they'll
explode that one already has on the
outside it's been playing around
cleaning up the valve body and other
bits for it so I'm going to make room
and then put that evaporator unit back
to hear that I really don't know where
I'm going to put the condenser and put
the evaporator up here but I got to run
the line set possibly outside down the
other side of this wall because there's
another one another fujitsu just along
the side there so probably not directly
adjacent to the back of the Jag engine
just out there and I'll run the line set
through there next to the bug zapper and
along next to the truss so i'll have an
installation video on that one i'll
probably end up commissioning it myself
no use wasting time for somebody else
we're not quite capable of doing it and
it's currently sitting charged with
nitrogen yeah it's been sitting there
for a few weeks and still holding its
nitrogen charge that's good that's just
a quarter-inch flare with an old
straightest mi just machined all the
rubber off it it was a long series like
a valve stem and I just machine all the
rubber off and
raised it in that's just capped so to
clean this thing up it's got lots of
plaster dust another debris inside it
but apart from that it's fine yeah it's
just cleaning up and liquid dating stuff
I've got a hundred GX 340 so this is
what I want to clean up so I'm not
tripping over things it's a GX 340 which
is a parts only engine it was blown up
internally the block I've fixed the hole
in the block but it's too so so it would
work fine again but I don't know it's a
part only engine hundred bucks for that
one because it's got all electric start
the whole electric start kit flywheel
everything starter motor all the coils
work on us the carburetors perf perfect
retail on a new one of those with
electric starts about thirteen to
fourteen hundred dollars from a mower
shop so not too bad of a deal if you
particularly if you've got a stripped
engine with a good internal set that
sort of thing you could probably just
take everything off the outside of that
and fold it straight on and it will have
electric start to boot keys with a tooth
it's a key switch lockout electric start
your jag Inge is going to stakes that's
the original engine for the car abort
I'm going to do a little bit more work
on that Brad's done the breaks so big
thing steam for doing that I'll do the
real rear brakes next we have the front
brakes that is he's done the front
brakes I'll probably tackle the rear
ones which are inboard discs so can't
get rid of that engine and put that
outside and put that there that's a good
stuff that's going to get a new motor on
it the other ones go on the ground mmm
yeah stuff for sale or trade I think
Maddie VT 93 once that one so that's
reserved that's the old briggs and
stratton it's a nice oldie actually just
low on compression and needs a car be
kit and tired of this intake was busted
off so all that was busted actually I
admit I've ticked it up to mess
so that's got to go like JD oz you
wanted that one or similar I'll keep
that one that's my old faithful one
that's got rust pitting in the bore and
everything and it keeps going so you're
staying that's a little two-stroke it's
got a Bosch magneto system and
everything on it no idea who actually
made it I think it might be chef an
arker or some German company there's the
Briggs which I shave the head down on so
it's a really high compression right
experiment engine but it has a busted
ring so it's it was an experimental
thing it's good for parts still runs I'm
in runs like dynamite but it's just
parts engine side valve Honda in there
i'm keeping though i'll pull this out
eventually and just go through once i
start getting rid of them I don't wanna
pull it out now cuz I'll lose floor
space Morris 1100 some trouble getting
bottom n bits I need bolts but new bolt
kits pretty expensive so that's just
been sitting here same with the piston
ring kit I found one place we just
didn't have the money at the time so
it's been sitting ever since it'll
either end up at a Morris specialist as
a spare parts pile or maybe somebody
might want to adopt it i think i paid
about 50 bucks for the whole lot and
I've spent God knows how much on it but
I probably get rid of the whole project
for 150 including all the bearings and
other stuff I bought still new in the
wrapper it's nice engine around okay it
just needs a rebal really I've honed
most of the pitting and crap out of the
ball but then tired old think it's fun
engine BSA staying diesel staying yeah
it's just that how would there that's
got to go just getting in the way it's a
nice old engine running very rich now I
think there's a problem the car Brett
cover it is having a few issues at the
moment but you get that and again
computers are going to work through they
all work fine I just don't know the need
for slower older computers
like one point as 1.8 giga hertz that's
maybe two points something I might keep
this one is the cool case but the slower
ones like in there I don't know scrap
bin or somebody might want so that's
about it for now run out of memory and
yeah I'll see y'all later when I do some
more productive videos right now I'm
just trying to catch up on things thanks
for watching